Always provide a relevant TI context in Dag callback (#61274)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/administration-and-deployment/logging-monitoring/callbacks.rst

Context Mapping
---------------

A context mapping that contains runtime information about a task instance is passed to every callback.
Full list of variables available in ``context`` are in :doc:`docs <../../templates-ref>` and `code <https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/main/task-sdk/src/airflow/sdk/definitions/context.py>`_.

Dag Callbacks
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

As the context mapping describes execution of a task instance, contexts passed to Dag callbacks will also contain task instance variables,
and the task selected depends on the state of a Dag:

#. On regular failure, the latest failed task is selected.
#. On Dag run timeout, the latest started but not finished task is passed.
#. If tasks are deadlocked, a task that should have run next but couldn't is passed.
#. On success, the latest succeeded task is passed.

It's not recommended to rely on task instance variables in Dag callbacks except for human analysis, as they reflect only partial information about the Dag's state.
For example, a timeout may be caused by a number of stalling tasks, but only one will eventually be selected for context.

.. note::

>     Before Airflow 3.1.9, the rules above did not apply and the task instance passed to Dag callback was not related to Dag state, rather being selected as the latest task in the Dag

Reviewer: cc @vatsrahul1001 if this PR is merged before cut of 3.1.8 we'll need to change this entry just before mrege

>     Before Airflow 3.1.9, the rules above did not apply and the task instance passed to Dag callback was not related to Dag state, rather being selected as the latest task in the Dag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Before Airflow 3.2.0, the rules above did not apply and the task instance passed to Dag callback was not related to Dag state, rather being selected as the latest task in the Dag
```
